the London Zoo to meet Hannah to tell us
I stop monkeying around when it comes to
a diet
hannah has worked here at zookeeper and
animal nutritionist for the past four
years my job here is mostly to look
after the primates so all the monkeys
and the Apes hey Hannah prepares peanuts
and mealworms for the squirrel monkeys
the chimps get fresh papaya the mama
sets banana and probably the silverback
gorilla enjoys a sumptuous spread of
seeds fennel and curly kale like most of
her charges Hannah doesn't eat meat but
she's not looking after herself half as
well as the monkeys and it's beginning
to show up recently and got a gluten and
dairy intolerance so every day at work I
basically have the same thing it's
either gluten-free pasta with pesto or a
baked potato
pather and baked potatoes every day
Hannah's clearly not getting enough
variety in her restricted diet and I
think her main problem is lack of
protein good morning how are you I'm
very well thank you like a blown-up
version of Angel world Thompson diet is
crucial vegetable intake vitamin C you
know protein yeah and that balance is
the most important part when was the
last time you sat down to a really good
piece of meat
good good three three and a half years
ago any reason I think having started at
the zoo you kind of start to get a
different outlook on on the way on how
animals are treated all sort of meat
that you eat I've always been I was
always careful about what meat oh yeah
so you woody meat if it was you know
yeah probably
really organic absolutely Bobby the
silverback gorilla is the great example
of what a healthy balanced diet can do
for you Bobby
there we go somebody's he's only sweet
tea now fruit tea I'm surprised he's not
a old gray
it's lunchtime for Bobby and the other
animals so Hannah and I are off to make
it it's like a prep room for restaurant
frizzy lettuce cabbage lemon peel
allspice this is a joke isn't it
avocados we serve any other colors as
well that's good for them you know
obviously essential fatty acid
how would you like you turn into a
guacamole guacamole you make guacamole
from as well and have a cart of prawns
avocado crab or spinach chicory
fricassee iceberg fennel spinach
broccoli
we've got michelin-starred monkeys I'm
stuck here you are yes not looking after
yourself
the grid is getting baby Jim lettuce
absolutely yes you are
baby gem lettuce now one of the [ __ ]
shortage for the restaurants I'm gonna
cook Hannah a deliciously healthy dish
using the same ingredients she feeds
Bobby the gourmet gorilla with no dairy
or gluten just shows that all the stuff
you work your way down there yeah can be
equally as exciting for you
first up coleslaw don't lose any
nutrients through cooking raw is more
celeriac carrots and cabbage are all
packed with vitamins and fiber and give
the dish a delicious crunch I love the
smoky bitterness of chicory and it's
very low in cholesterol maybe a quick
vinaigrette
so 2/3 olive oil 1/3 the sesame seed oil
yeah do it myself
poppy seeds just the tablespoon makes a
great contribution to your daily calcium
needs lemon juice and parsley help the
digestion of proteins and fats it also
tastes great and then vinaigrette within
three or four minutes the seasonings
gonna start breaking down because though
and now for my wild card
Hannah's fed up with her unbalanced
boring gluten-free diet she may not have
eaten meat for three years but now she
thinks she's ready to give it another go
so I'm thrown in at the deep end with a
delicious protein rich State and I see
the kind of beef it's reared in oh sure
yeah it's fed on grass in the summer
Swedes and turnip in the winter so it's
a proper organic beef when I did eat me
over to try and eat organic I don't like
the way no I was a mass-produced you
know stand strong on that one nor do i
how'd you like your beef how'd you like
it cooked medium yeah yeah fine sure
we'll cook it okay for the dressing
Sherlock
I believe that good quality lean meat is
a key part of a healthy diet so I'm
hoping this dish will help Hanna back on
the road to recovery
hello thanks a delicious tarragon
dressing should make her first finish
taking years a little easier to deal
with a spicy marinade tiger we just cut
once give it a stir and add to the
steaks delicious I want to do a spoon
that over says the beef starts to cool
down we absorbed all that amazing flavor
finally finish the costal with coriander
and is ready to go
those media
I can't believe you can put so much
different flavors and tastes just into
coleslaw I haven't quite managed to take
on the beef you put the most amazing
energy into looking after these animals
so you need protein yeah Celie a good
bit of salmon do you think someone was
performing just not quite ready for the
for the red meat don't you worry about
that
Holly to physical and mental limits I'm
dying to find out what fuel actually
keeps them going look at them they look
absolutely
hard-as-nails